
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is the use of HTML markup to reinforce the semantics, or meaning, of the information in webpages and web applications rather than merely to define its presentation or look.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    To have a base and foundation for our Web page. it's the structure of our website

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    a special word that controls the elements behavior and we put in opening tag 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is used for titles that we have on our webpage. we use it for mostly once becuase we have one name or title for our webpage 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes 
    img & div
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <header>    </header>
    7. What is an id? 
    The id attribute specifies a unique id for an HTML element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    the elements that are either singhle or you want to change or design whatever is in that element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once
    10. What is a class? 
    class attribute is used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name. So, all HTML elements with the same class attribute will get the same style
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    The HTML class attribute can also be used on inline elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    The HTML class attribute can also be used on inline elements
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank" just add it to the attribute 
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    it for alternative usage. so blind people can also have access to the website when browser reader is defining the picture for them

    15. How do I reference an id?
    id {

    }
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section defines a group of elements but division does not convey any meaning and can be used for anything

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to style our web page. like paint for the house

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id is only used to make a single thing designed like only a section or a header but class will affect everything in it

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class{

    }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    so you can specify what do you really want to change in an page not to change everything the same way

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    keyword added to a selector that lets you style a specific part of the selected element(s). For example, ::first-line can be used to change the font of the first line of a paragraph

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spaceing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    uppercase , lowercase , capitalize 

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {border-style : dotted;
        border-color : black

    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm filename / because there are no warnings to it. it would delete it right away

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so that We can work on the same file from multiple computers or multiple people can work on a same file

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes should be fine 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    first  you fork , then you add a collaborator which is your TL. Then you clone the repo and add it to the directory you want using git clone <repo link> . then using cd we go to the new directory that we imported the repo. using checkout -b "fName-LName" we create our own branch 
    then you start working on your project. to add and commit changes to our branch using git commit -m "with a useful comment for the future".
    using git push -u origin bran-name we push it back to github

    Testing 123
 